Fix/cross chain tutorial (#113)
matter-labs/zksync-web-v2-docs: docs/dev/tutorials/cross-chain-tutorial.md

# Cross-chain governance

This tutorial serves as an example of how to implement L1 to L2 contract interaction. The following functionality is implemented in this tutorial:

- A "counter" smart contract is deployed on zkSync, which stores a number that can be incremented by calling the `increment` method.
- A "governance" smart contract is deployed on layer 1, which has the privilege to increment the counter on zkSync.

## Preliminaries

In this tutorial, it is assumed that you are already familiar with deploying smart contracts on zkSync. If not, please refer to the first section of the [Hello World](../developer-guides/hello-world.md) tutorial.

It is also assumed that you already have some experience working with Ethereum.

## Project structure

> As we will be deploying contracts in both L1 and L2, we'll separate this project in two different folders:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we will deploy contracts on both L1 and L2, we'll separate this project in two different folders:
```

feel free to ignore, it just sounds better to me.

- `/L1-governance`: for the L1 contract, and scripts.

> - `/L2-counter`: for the zkSync contract, and scripts.

Reviewer: zkSync: maybe stick to L1/L2 language?

}
```

7. After replacing `<WALLET-PRIVATE-KEY>` and `<GOVERNANCE-ADDRESS>` with the `0x`-prefixed private key of an Ethereum wallet with some ETH balance on Göerli, and the address of the L1 governance contract respectively, run the script using the following command:

```
yarn hardhat deploy-zksync
```

In the output, you should see the address to which the contract was deployed.

::: tip

You can find more specific details about deploying contracts in the [hello world](../developer-guides/hello-world.md) tutorial or the documentation for the [hardhat plugins](../../api/hardhat/getting-started.md) for zkSync.

:::

## Reading the counter value

> With the both contracts deployed, now we can create a small script to retrieve the value of the counter. For the sake of simplicity, we will create this scripts inside the `/L2-counter` folder. To keep the tutorial generic hardhat-specific features will not be used in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With both contracts deployed, we can create a small script to retrieve the value of the counter. For the sake of simplicity, we will create this scripts inside the `/L2-counter` folder. To keep the tutorial generic hardhat-specific features will not be used in it.
```

You may have noticed the lack of the `ergs_per_pubdata` and `ergs_per_storage` fields in the L1->L2 transactions. These are surely important for the security of the protocol and they will be added soon. Please note that this will be a breaking change for the contract interface.

Also, there is currently no easy way to estimate the exact number of `ergs` required for the execution of an L1->L2 transaction. At the time of this writing, the transactions may be processed even if the supplied `ergsLimit` is `0`. This will change in the future.

:::

> 7. Now it is possible to call the governance contract, which will redirect the call to zkSync:

Reviewer: which -> that
